# Spiral garden


Our group consist of three member, Hajer Alibrahim, is a collaborative sculpture artist who loves to play with kids and make
informational interpretations to help kids and families enjoy their time, one of our members, Falih Aldosary,
is a 3D and VFX artist who designs motion graphics and 3D molding, and another member, Munzir alradi, is
a mechatronic engineer and digital fabrication expert who loves to make engaging light art.


The concept for this project Saudi pattern came from Hajer, who as a child would always gaze at forms and
appreciate the feeling in each one, particularly if they were related to tripe, city, nature, and people. Hajer
comes from a family who collects antiques from their grandparents and displays them as works of art.
Hajer's effort to draw digital many patterns from culture and family and print them on fabric and clothes
since she grew up living in many places and always leaving home, so she wants to transfer this love of
pattern to all youngsters in Saudi Arabia in an interactive playground.


Faith turned the painting into an interactive movement, and Munzir tracked the motion with a camera to
come up with a fresh idea. The group meets together during the day to establish links between them, which
is the Saudi pattern's objective.


Spiral Garden is the name of the project, which is a location where families may enjoy interactive play. It's a
garden with a children's playground where the forms of Saudi patterns are blended in a spiral. Imagine
going to a playground and seeing various forms of slide, swing, climbing, and other activities. At the same
time, as you play with each shape, a light pattern appears on the floor based on the player's actions. If you
play with a lot of interaction, the pattern on the floor will become a lot of patterns. The pattern is derived
from the form itself, as well as from the projector and camera attached to the item. If you're playing in the
Sadu symbol, for example, the floor around you will be covered with Sadu.


Additionally, the children's interactive voice changes to three different colors. If you stop talking, the pattern
will change to a dessert color, the regular sound will change to a flower color, and the loud sound will
change to a wave color. As a group, we decided to turn our culture and voice into an engaging playing place
by talking about our children and how they love the playground. We also decided to teach them shapes in
the Saudi culture in a fun way. This patterned garden depicts the history and beauty of our culture as well as
the future of our lives, creating an interactive piece in the hopes of giving our nation a beautiful identity
around the world.


Furthermore, by utilizing artificial intelligence to generate a new inscription for the kingdom by feeding the
machine learning from the inscriptions of all areas of the kingdom and asking the machine to invent the
new pattern for intelligent cities, all patterns will be transformed into a new pattern. The playground is
shaped like a spiral with five levels, each of which contains a play from our culture. To expand the
playground's creativity, we considered what the next pattern for Saudi Arabia might be, so we decided that
the fifth level would be generated by artificial intelligence, which would do so in an unpredictable manner
